I'm fairly new to coding (I've learned some basic python for my EE degree) and I'd like to learn some basics and gain new skills. To accomplish that we're going to make a basic app together in Android Studio to practice!

The app idea we're implementing through our lessons is a simple prank where users interact with a fake lie-detector which will claim to determine if a lie is detected. The lie-detector isn't actually doing anything, the result of the fake test is actually decided by a hidden button press that only the "administrator" will know about. After the administrator secretly selects which result to provide, the test will commence with some fluff to trick the "subject" user into thinking the app is reading their mind (some silly bullshit like a "Scanning..." graphic or loading screen). After a few seconds of that, the result will be shown and will match what the administrator selected earlier via secret button press.

I've already had my first lesson in a previous session, and I've included a summary of what was done as well as attached the main Kotlin file of the code we made. 

LESSON 1 (last session) SUMMARY:
1. Declarative UI : We used Jetpack Compose to describe what the screen should look like based on data, rather than manually updating elements.
2. State Management: We used remember and mutableStateOf to create a "brain" for the app that survives when the screen redraws.
3. Asynchronous Logic : We used LaunchedEffect and delay to create a timed "theatrical" pause without freezing the app.
4. Layout & Styling: We organized the UI with Column and Row and used Modifiers like alpha to create hidden "secret" controls.
5. If/else branching: We created a conditional system within the UI to drive the app's operation.

For this session (we'll consider it lesson 2) I'd like to build out the app's UI and UX by learning new concepts and working out problems as we write the new code.

LESSON 2 (this session) OBJECTIVES:
1. Sensory Fluff: We could add a vibrating pulse while the "Scanning..." text is visible to make the prank more convincing.
2. Visual Polish: We could use a Box layout to place a fingerprint icon behind the "Scan" button or add a rotating loading circle.
3. UI Polish: We could write a Preview Compose function to learn how previews work in Android Studio, then use that to pretty-up the app's aesthetics.

Remember the true purpose of this is teaching a beginner how to read code, write code, and progress a project. So please explain concepts as we go along and include step-by-step instructions just like you were tutoring a college student! I'm excited to get started on Lesson 2 with you!